Now one of the real main reasons for running Kubernetes is that you want to have
production quality containers and you want to actually run things that are maintainable,
and this is a huge motivation for Kubernetes.
So as a result,
also you're going to want to consider things like monitoring,
logging, and debugging with Kubernetes.
In general, what that means is that you want to have proactive monitoring,
you want to have cluster visibility and capacity planning,
you want to be able to trigger alerts and notifications,
and you want to have a metrics dashboard.
So one of the things you can do is you can configure Prometheus.
Prometheus is a monitoring system that integrates very well with Kubernetes.
In general, there's something called Prometheus operator.
Essentially, it maps directly into
the workflow of containers and the workflow of Kubernetes.
So that's the recommended monitoring solution,
and it's something that you can follow up on
by looking at the documentation of our lesson.